docs: add migration guide from 0.12 to bonsai (#4007)
garden-io/garden: docs/tutorials/migrating-to-bonsai.md

## Breaking changes

Here is the list of breaking changes when upgrading your `garden` CLI tool. This lets you use your old Module-style configuration files with minimal changes.

- `cert-manager` integration has been deprecated. New documentation coming soon here: [ext dns and cert manager example](https://github.com/garden-io/garden/pull/3988)
- `dev-mode` has been renamed to `sync`, both in the configuration as well as on the CLI
- `garden delete` has been renamed to `garden cleanup`
- `garden delete env` has been renamed to `garden cleanup namespace` with an alias of `garden cleanup ns`
- `dotIgnoreFiles` has been renamed to `dotIgnoreFile` and only supports one file
- removed default `environments`, please specify the field in project configuration
- template configurations will use `camelCase` everywhere, no more `snake_case` or `kebab-case`: [tracking issue](https://github.com/garden-io/garden/issues/3513)
- the deprecated `hot-reload` has been removed, use `sync` instead
- the deprecated `cluster-docker` build mode has been removed, use `cluster-buildkit` or `kaniko` instead

> - dropped support for deploying an in-cluster registry, see the [in-cluster build documentation](../k8s-plugins/advanced/in-cluster-building.md)

Reviewer: I think the link should be to the remote registry configuration guide instead
```suggestion
ropped support for deploying an in-cluster registry, see the [in-cluster build documentation](../k8s-plugins/remote-k8s/configure-registry/README.md)
```

Reviewer 2: "d" is missing in the suggestion :)

Reviewer: thanks, fixed the suggestion

## Breaking changes

Here is the list of breaking changes when upgrading your `garden` CLI tool. This lets you use your old Module-style configuration files with minimal changes.

- `cert-manager` integration has been deprecated. New documentation coming soon here: [ext dns and cert manager example](https://github.com/garden-io/garden/pull/3988)
- `dev-mode` has been renamed to `sync`, both in the configuration as well as on the CLI
- `garden delete` has been renamed to `garden cleanup`
- `garden delete env` has been renamed to `garden cleanup namespace` with an alias of `garden cleanup ns`
- `dotIgnoreFiles` has been renamed to `dotIgnoreFile` and only supports one file
- removed default `environments`, please specify the field in project configuration
- template configurations now use `camelCase` everywhere, no more `snake_case` or `kebab-case`
- the deprecated `hot-reload` has been removed, use `sync` instead
- the deprecated `cluster-docker` build mode has been removed, use `cluster-buildkit` or `kaniko` instead
- dropped support for deploying an in-cluster registry, see the [in-cluster build documentation](../k8s-plugins/advanced/in-cluster-building.md)

> - dropped support for Kubernetes version `1.14` and below

Reviewer 2: Haven't we dropped `1.18` and below? Officially we support the latest 6 versions. Our integration tests check the versions `1.19 -> 1.26` (so the latest 8 versions, maybe we should also drop 1.19 and 1.20?)

Author: Good question! I pulled this from the Breaking Changes plan/wishlist on Notion, which mentioned 1.14 specifically.
I'll remove this line and we can clarify further for the proper release - this probably doesn't matter much for the pre-release (and pre-release only version of this doc)
